The Walrus and the Carpenter
The Walrus and the Carpenter"The sun was shining on the sea,
"The sun was shining on the sea,Shining with all his might:
      Shining with all his might:He did his very best to make
He did his very best to makeThe billows smooth and bright —
      The billows smooth and bright —And this was odd, because it was
And this was odd, because it wasThe middle of the night.
      The middle of the night.The moon was shining sulkily,
The moon was shining sulkily,Because she thought the sun
      Because she thought the sunHad got no business to be there
Had got no business to be thereAfter the day was done —
      After the day was done —"It's very rude of him," she said,
"It's very rude of him," she said,"To come and spoil the fun."
      "To come and spoil the fun."The sea was wet as wet could be,
The sea was wet as wet could be,The sands were dry as dry.
      The sands were dry as dry.You could not see a cloud, because
You could not see a cloud, becauseNo cloud was in the sky:
      No cloud was in the sky:No birds were flying overhead —
No birds were flying overhead —There were no birds to fly.
      There were no birds to fly.The Walrus and the Carpenter
The Walrus and the CarpenterWere walking close at hand;
      Were walking close at hand;They wept like anything to see
They wept like anything to seeSuch quantities of sand:
      Such quantities of sand:If this were only cleared away,'
If this were only cleared away,'They said, it would be grand!'
      They said, it would be grand!'If seven maids with seven mops
If seven maids with seven mopsSwept it for half a year,
      Swept it for half a year,Do you suppose,' the Walrus said,
Do you suppose,' the Walrus said,That they could get it clear?'
      That they could get it clear?'I doubt it,' said the Carpenter,
I doubt it,' said the Carpenter,And shed a bitter tear.
      And shed a bitter tear.O Oysters, come and walk with us!'
O Oysters, come and walk with us!'The Walrus did beseech.
      The Walrus did beseech.A pleasant walk, a pleasant talk,
A pleasant walk, a pleasant talk,Along the briny beach:
      Along the briny beach:We cannot do with more than four,
We cannot do with more than four,To give a hand to each.'
      To give a hand to each.'The eldest Oyster looked at him,
The eldest Oyster looked at him,But never a word he said:
      But never a word he said:The eldest Oyster winked his eye,
The eldest Oyster winked his eye,And shook his heavy head —
      And shook his heavy head —Meaning to say he did not choose
Meaning to say he did not chooseTo leave the oyster-bed.
      To leave the oyster-bed.But four young Oysters hurried up,
But four young Oysters hurried up,All eager for the treat:
      All eager for the treat:Their coats were brushed, their faces washed,
Their coats were brushed, their faces washed,Their shoes were clean and neat —
      Their shoes were clean and neat —And this was odd, because, you know,
And this was odd, because, you know,They hadn't any feet.
      They hadn't any feet.Four other Oysters followed them,
Four other Oysters followed them,And yet another four;
      And yet another four;And thick and fast they came at last,
And thick and fast they came at last,And more, and more, and more —
      And more, and more, and more —All hopping through the frothy waves,
All hopping through the frothy waves,And scrambling to the shore.
      And scrambling to the shore.The Walrus and the Carpenter
The Walrus and the CarpenterWalked on a mile or so,
      Walked on a mile or so,And then they rested on a rock
And then they rested on a rockConveniently low:
      Conveniently low:And all the little Oysters stood
And all the little Oysters stoodAnd waited in a row.
      And waited in a row.The time has come,' the Walrus said,
The time has come,' the Walrus said,To talk of many things:
      To talk of many things:Of shoes — and ships — and sealing-wax —
Of shoes — and ships — and sealing-wax —Of cabbages — and kings —
      Of cabbages — and kings —And why the sea is boiling hot —
And why the sea is boiling hot —And whether pigs have wings.'
      And whether pigs have wings.'But wait a bit,' the Oysters cried,
But wait a bit,' the Oysters cried,Before we have our chat;
      Before we have our chat;For some of us are out of breath,
For some of us are out of breath,And all of us are fat!'
      And all of us are fat!'No hurry!' said the Carpenter.
No hurry!' said the Carpenter.They thanked him much for that.
      They thanked him much for that.A loaf of bread,' the Walrus said,
A loaf of bread,' the Walrus said,Is what we chiefly need:
      Is what we chiefly need:Pepper and vinegar besides
Pepper and vinegar besidesAre very good indeed —
      Are very good indeed —Now if you're ready, Oysters dear,
Now if you're ready, Oysters dear,We can begin to feed.'
      We can begin to feed.'But not on us!' the Oysters cried,
But not on us!' the Oysters cried,Turning a little blue.
      Turning a little blue.After such kindness, that would be
After such kindness, that would beA dismal thing to do!'
      A dismal thing to do!'The night is fine,' the Walrus said.
The night is fine,' the Walrus said.Do you admire the view?
      Do you admire the view?It was so kind of you to come!
It was so kind of you to come!And you are very nice!'
      And you are very nice!'The Carpenter said nothing but
The Carpenter said nothing butCut us another slice:
      Cut us another slice:I wish you were not quite so deaf —
I wish you were not quite so deaf —I've had to ask you twice!'
      I've had to ask you twice!'It seems a shame,' the Walrus said,
It seems a shame,' the Walrus said,To play them such a trick,
      To play them such a trick,After we've brought them out so far,
After we've brought them out so far,And made them trot so quick!'
      And made them trot so quick!'The Carpenter said nothing but
The Carpenter said nothing butThe butter's spread too thick!'
      The butter's spread too thick!'I weep for you,' the Walrus said:
I weep for you,' the Walrus said:I deeply sympathize.'
      I deeply sympathize.'With sobs and tears he sorted out
With sobs and tears he sorted outThose of the largest size,
      Those of the largest size,Holding his pocket-handkerchief
Holding his pocket-handkerchiefBefore his streaming eyes.
      Before his streaming eyes.O Oysters,' said the Carpenter,
O Oysters,' said the Carpenter,You've had a pleasant run!
      You've had a pleasant run!Shall we be trotting home again?'
Shall we be trotting home again?'But answer came there none —
      But answer came there none —And this was scarcely odd, because
And this was scarcely odd, becauseThey'd eaten every one."
      They'd eaten every one."